Add missing meta descriptions (#488)
mongodb/docs-golang: source/usage-examples/deleteOne.txt

Delete a Document
=================

.. meta::

>    :description: Learn how to delete a document from a collection using the `DeleteOne()` method in Go, demonstrated with a `movies` collection example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Learn how to delete a document from a collection using the deleteOne() method in the MongoDB Go Driver.
```
